New pages for HTML*Element.form (#35661)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmltextareaelement/form/index.md

---
title: "HTMLTextAreaElement: form property"
short-title: form
slug: Web/API/HTMLTextAreaElement/form
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLTextAreaElement.form
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`form`** read-only property of the {{domxref("HTMLTextAreaElement")}} interface returns an {{domxref("HTMLFormElement")}} object that owns this text area, or `null` if this text area is not owned by any form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`form`** read-only property of the {{domxref("HTMLTextAreaElement")}} interface returns an {{domxref("HTMLFormElement")}} object that owns the {{htmlelement("textarea")}}, or `null` if this textarea is not owned by any form.
```
